# Pokemon Game 15-112 CMU Graphic Version

This game is a simpler version of Pokemon. The basic goal of this game is to compete with different NPCs and win the battle. The game starts with a Professor coming out and asking to choose a Pokemon out of three (Bulbasaur, Charmander, and Squirtle). We need to drag or mouse and release at the point where the Pokemon we want to catch is. But also we are available to play with Pikachu when we don’t choose any character as a hidden piece when we press any button.

Then we will end up landing on the map. We can move the player’s character by keyboard UP, DOWN, LEFT, and RIGHT keys. When we press it, it moves and stops when we release the key. The map consists of the middle map where we start, and when we go to the edge of the left and the right, we can go to the left and the right map. Then when we collide with any building's surface, we can go into the building and interact with the NPC. Each map has mostly three different buildings. 

The orange-colored building is the Pokemon Center, and we can interact with the Nurse NPC. She will ask you some questions and have a conversation with the user. You will use the keyboards, and there will be directions to choose different keys. The most important part is healing the HP of the Pokemon. We can heal the HP of the Pokemon.

Then we have a yellow building, which is the Pokemon stadium, where we fight as we enter the place. On the middle page, there would be three different options for the opponent to play, it could be a Bulbasaur, Charmander, or Squirtle. You could see three different Pokemons having different skill sets with different effects depending on the skill. The user can click on the skill box of the Pokemon we have chosen first. Then, when we attack one time, the computer attacks back, and we fight until one runs out of HP. When we win the game, we can get a Badge of Brock. However, you will be kicked out of the building as soon as your Pokemon’s HP is below 1. You will not be able to go into the stadium unless you heal your Pokemon at the Pokemon Center. When you heal the Pokemon, after you try to enter the stadium again, you can go into the stadium automatically. But if you didn’t try to go in again after you were kicked out, then you could go to the center, come out, and go into the stadium.

On the left and right maps, we will be able to fight with a different Pokemon. The last building, beside the Pokemon Center and the stadium, would be in the form of a blue color building or a home-looking version. When we enter there, we need to play a game and be able to have a chance to change our Pokemon on the left and right map. The little quest in the middle map is using the keyboard to collide the cave with the right answer, and in the right map, we need to click on the 25 squares that are changing colors in 20 seconds. In the left map, we can choose the options using the keyboards. Like this, we win the different stadiums and earn all of the badges, then we are done!!

I only use random and cm_graphics. To end the game with a shortcut, you might skip all of the sub-quests to only fight. Also, just keep playing the battle with the HP of 1 and not going to the Pokemon center to be healed.
